[OCPBUGS#42254] [4.12] Fix broken links in ShiftStack docs (#82727)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-osp-adding-bare-metal.adoc

* The {rh-openstack} link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/index[Bare Metal service (Ironic)] is enabled and accessible by using the {rh-openstack} Compute API.

> * Bare metal is available as link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/configuring_the_bare_metal_provisioning_service/assembly_configuring-the-bare-metal-provisioning-service-after-deployment#proc_creating-flavors-for-launching-bare-metal-instances_bare-metal-post-deployment[an {rh-openstack} flavor].

Author: ```suggestion
* Bare metal is available as link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/configuring_the_bare_metal_provisioning_service/assembly_configuring-the-bare-metal-provisioning-service-after-deployment#proc_creating-flavors-for-launching-bare-metal-instances_bare-metal-post-deployment[an {rh-openstack} flavor].
```

> * Bare metal is available as link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/configuring_the_bare_metal_provisioning_service/assembly_configuring-the-bare-metal-provisioning-service-after-deployment#proc_creating-flavors-for-launching-bare-metal-instances_bare-metal-post-deployment[an {rh-openstack} flavor].

Author: ```suggestion
* Bare metal is available as link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/bare_metal_provisioning/assembly_configuring-the-bare-metal-provisioning-service-after-deployment#proc_creating-flavors-for-launching-bare-metal-instances_bare-metal-post-deployment[an {rh-openstack} flavor].
```
